# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_py-xgboost-mutex         2.0                       cpu_0    conda-forge
alembic                   1.11.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
appnope                   0.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
asttokens                 2.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
brotli                    1.0.9                h1a8c8d9_9    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.0.9                h1a8c8d9_9    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h3422bc3_4    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2023.5.7             hf0a4a13_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2023.5.7           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
click                     8.1.3           unix_pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
cloudpickle               2.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
cmaes                     0.9.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
colorama                  0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
colorlog                  6.7.0           py311h267d04e_1    conda-forge
comm                      0.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
contourpy                 1.1.0           py311he4fd1f5_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.6.7           py311ha397e9f_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
executing                 1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.40.0          py311heffc1b2_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               hd633e50_1    conda-forge
greenlet                  2.0.2           py311ha891d26_1    conda-forge
idna                      3.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        6.7.0              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        6.7.0                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib_resources       5.12.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.23.3             pyh5fb750a_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.14.0             pyhd1c38e8_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.18.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
joblib                    1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_client            8.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              5.3.1           py311h267d04e_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.4           py311hd6ee22a_1    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.15                 hd835a16_1    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h9a09cb3_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           17_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.0.9                h1a8c8d9_9    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.0.9                h1a8c8d9_9    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.0.9                h1a8c8d9_9    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           17_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libcxx                    16.0.6               h4653b0c_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.18                 h1a8c8d9_0    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.5.0                hb7217d7_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h3422bc3_5    conda-forge
libgfortran               5.0.0           12_2_0_hd922786_31    conda-forge
libgfortran5              12.2.0              h0eea778_31    conda-forge
libjpeg-turbo             2.1.5.1              h1a8c8d9_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           17_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm14                 14.0.6               hd1a9a77_3    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.23          openmp_hc731615_0    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.39               h76d750c_0    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h27ca646_1    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.42.0               hb31c410_0    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.5.1                h23a1a89_0    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.3.0                h1a8c8d9_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.15                 hf346824_0    conda-forge
libxgboost                1.7.4            cpu_hadc00d6_2    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               h53f4e23_5    conda-forge
lightgbm                  3.3.5           py311ha1f1081_0    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               16.0.6               h1c12783_0    conda-forge
llvmlite                  0.40.1          py311hea943cd_0    conda-forge
mako                      1.2.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.3           py311heffc1b2_0    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.7.1           py311ha1ab1f8_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.7.1           py311h99a5f44_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.4                  h7ea286d_0    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.5.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nltk                      3.8.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
numba                     0.57.1          py311hbf3c4e2_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.23.5          py311ha92fb03_0    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.0                hbc2ba62_2    conda-forge
openssl                   3.1.1                h53f4e23_1    conda-forge
optuna                    3.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
packaging                 23.1               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    2.0.2           py311h9e438b8_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
patsy                     0.5.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.8.0              pyh1a96a4e_2    conda-forge
phik                      0.11.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    9.5.0           py311h095fde6_1    conda-forge
pip                       23.1.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
platformdirs              3.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pooch                     1.7.0              pyha770c72_3    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.38             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
prompt_toolkit            3.0.38               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.9.5           py311he2be06e_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h27ca646_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
py-xgboost                1.7.4           cpu_py311h71cf02c_2    conda-forge
pygments                  2.15.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyod                      1.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
python                    3.11.4          h47c9636_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2023.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.11                    3_cp311    conda-forge
pytz                      2023.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0             py311he2be06e_5    conda-forge
pyzmq                     25.1.0          py311hb1af645_0    conda-forge
readline                  8.2                  h92ec313_1    conda-forge
regex                     2023.6.3        py311heffc1b2_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.31.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
scikit-learn              1.2.2           py311hf0b18b8_2    conda-forge
scipy                     1.11.0          py311h93d07a4_0    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.12.2               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
seaborn-base              0.12.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
setuptools                68.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
shap                      0.41.0          py311h9e438b8_2    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
slicer                    0.0.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sqlalchemy                2.0.17          py311heffc1b2_0    conda-forge
stack_data                0.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
statsmodels               0.14.0          py311hb49d859_1    conda-forge
tangled-up-in-unicode     0.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
threadpoolctl             3.1.0              pyh8a188c0_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               he1e0b03_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.3.2           py311heffc1b2_0    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.65.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.6.3                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.6.3              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2023c                h71feb2d_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.0.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.40.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xgboost                   1.7.4           cpu_py311hfdc1e9f_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.11               hb547adb_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h27ca646_0    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h57fd34a_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h3422bc3_2    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.4                hbdafb3b_1    conda-forge
zipp                      3.15.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.2                hf913c23_6    conda-forge
